Add Hybrid Timing Attacks Article + sandboxed frame timing (#27)
xsleaks/wiki: content/docs/attacks/timing-attacks/network-timing.md

{{< /hint >}}

## Modern Web Timing Attacks

The [performance.now()]({{< ref "clocks.md#performancenow" >}}) API can be used to measure how much time it takes to perform a request.

```javascript
let before = performance.now()
await fetch('https://target-website.com',{'mode':'no-cors','credentials':'include'})
let request_time = performance.now() - before
```

## Frame Timing Attacks (Network)

If the target page enforces [Framing Protections](https://TODO), embedding it as an `iframe` allows an attacker to obtain a network timing measurement. The example below shows how to achieve this by starting a [clock](https://TODO), embedding the page as an `iframe` (request is started), and wait for the `onload` event to be triggered which means the request completed. In this scenario when the request completes the browser does not render the fetched resource because of the protection.

```javascript
begin = performance.now();
var x = document.createElement('iframe');
x.src = "https://target.page";
document.body.appendChild(x);
start = performance.now();
x.onload = () => console.log(performance.now() - begin)
```

## Sandboxed Frame Timing Attacks

> When a page sets [Framing Protections](https://TODO), an attacker can obtain a pure network measurement by including the [`sandbox`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/iframe) attribute in the `iframe`. This attribute will block all JavaScript execution thus preventing subresources from loading.

Reviewer: This is not necessarily true, a subresource might be embedded via HTML (e.g. img) so you remove some timings but not all of them.

Author: Right. I added "some" to the sentence in ba4a0f3.

> When a page sets [Framing Protections](https://TODO), an attacker can obtain a pure network measurement by including the [`sandbox`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/iframe) attribute in the `iframe`. This attribute will block all JavaScript execution and prevent some subresources from loading.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a page sets [Framing Protections](https://TODO), an attacker can obtain an almost pure network measurement by including the [`sandbox`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/iframe) attribute in the `iframe`. This attribute will block all JavaScript execution and prevent some subresources from loading.
```

## Cross-window Timing Attacks

> An attacker can also measure the network timing of a page by navigating the victim away with `window.open` and wait for the `window` to start loading. The snippet below shows how to make this measurement and works as follows:

Reviewer: May I ask you to create a follow up PR that removes the "navigating away" sentence when you refer to opening a new window? The page does not navigate away, the page opens a new window that will then perform a full navigation, but the attacker page remains loaded, so I find this kinda confusing.
```suggestion
An attacker can also measure the network timing of a page by opening a new window with `window.open` and wait for the `window` to start loading. The snippet below shows how to make this measurement and works as follows:
```

Author: Sorry, I thought it was common to say navigate away, but I will add this to the TODO list
